Update template to generate README.md instead of README.rst #232 (#258)
beeware/briefcase-template: {{ cookiecutter.app_name }}/README.md

# {{ cookiecutter.formal_name }}

> **This cross-platform app was generated by [Briefcase](https://briefcase.readthedocs.io/) - part of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This cross-platform app was generated by [Briefcase](https://briefcase.beeware.org/) - part of
```

[The BeeWare Project](https://beeware.org/). If you want to see more tools like Briefcase, please

> consider [becoming a financial member of BeeWare](https://beeware.org/contributing/membership).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consider [becoming a financial member of BeeWare](https://beeware.org/membership).**
```
